c:\users\prateek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\bin\Debug\CodeAssignment.exe.config
c:\users\prateek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\bin\Debug\CodeAssignment.exe
c:\users\prateek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\bin\Debug\CodeAssignment.pdb
c:\users\prateek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\prateek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\prateek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\CodeAssignment.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\prateek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\prateek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\View\PostListView.g.cs
c:\users\prateek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\prateek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\prateek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\CodeAssignment_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\prateek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\CodeAssignment_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\prateek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\prateek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\View\PostListView.baml
c:\users\prateek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\CodeAssignment.g.resources
c:\users\prateek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\CodeAssignment.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\prateek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\CodeAssignment.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\prateek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\CodeAssignment.exe
c:\users\prateek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\CodeAssignment.pdb
c:\users\prateek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\View\PostInfoView.g.cs
c:\users\prateek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\View\PostInfoView.baml
D:\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\bin\Debug\CodeAssignment.exe.config
D:\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\CodeAssignment.exe
D:\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\CodeAssignment.pdb
D:\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\bin\Debug\CodeAssignment.exe
D:\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\bin\Debug\CodeAssignment.pdb
D:\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\CodeAssignment.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\View\PostInfoView.g.cs
D:\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\View\PostListView.g.cs
D:\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
D:\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\CodeAssignment_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\CodeAssignment_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\View\PostInfoView.baml
D:\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\View\PostListView.baml
D:\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\CodeAssignment.g.resources
D:\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\CodeAssignment.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\CodeAssignment\CodeAssignment\obj\Debug\CodeAssignment.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
